index.md, before:

---
layout: profile
# Set both of these to your name
title: Cecili Reid
full_name: Cecili Reid
# Set this to the Github URL for links to work correctly
github_url: https://github.com/creid31/workwithme.guide-myguide.git
# To add a custom profile picture, add your profile picture to this directory, update, and uncomment the relative link below.
picture: ./profile.jpg
# To add your name to the front page list, uncomment below
categories: [profile]
---

## Values and Personality
  - **I am honest**: Without this there cannot be trust and vulnerability and that's what I need/want to build connections with people
  - **I appreciate clear/direct communication**: Life is too short for me to figure out what people are trying to say indirectly. Usually leads to miscommunication because I did not pick up on passive cues
  - **I strive for financial stability**: This means I am pretty frugal (usually bringing my lunch) and very ambitious (have a side hustle or two) in my desire to be financially secure
  - **I am a child @ heart**: Though I am a full grown adult (I have proof!), I look for opportunities to have fun when I can
  - **I try to be genuine as much as possible**: I say what I mean and mean what I say and I try to bring my full self to work and encourage others to do the same.
  - **I am nice and kind!**: I can be pretty direct which sometimes translate for others as mean but always assume good intent. I am not the kind of person who wants to make a person feel bad. If I do, tell me!
  - **My golden rule is to treat others the way you want to be treated**

## Work Patterns
- I tend to be in the office **10am to 4pm EST**
- I am usually online/responsive before 10am and after 4pm or over the weekends
- I sometimes work strange hours when the mood/energy hits so don't be surprised if you see weekend/midnight commits
- I prefer to **learn and develop on my own** but will reach out once I have a clearer idea of something I want to ask
- **My energy fluctuates** depending on activities/interactions and on days/weeks I see heavy people interaction I try to adjust my schedule accordingly.
- I am a proud **ambivert** with introvert leanings though so will need alone time to recharge

## Communication Preferences
- If I have on headphones, slack me and/or ask if I am available/up for interruptions
- Slack is my preference and I tend to not respond to messages immediately (notifications are most likely off because they are distracting) so feel free to ping again if not responded to in an hour. If Slack is snoozed, please only send notifications if urgent.
- I try to respond to email within 24 hours. If there is an action associated with the email though, I might not respond until I completed the action so helpful to give me a deadline with an email so I know how to prioritize it.

## Areas of Development
- PHP
- Tensorflow/Machine Learning
- Android Development
- React
- GCP
- Public speaking
- Mentoring

## Receiving Feedback & Recognition
Provide recognition however you see fit in private or in public or via Slack. I am pretty indifferent by it. Please provide criticism in a private setting and with concrete examples and be as to the point as possible. Would also greatly appreciate having time to digest and work through it. I will ask questions for more details/examples so I understand the feedback.

## How To Know I’ve Gone To The Dark Side
### Warning Signs
- I appear to have low energy
- I mention that I did not get enough sleep (I don't ingest caffeine in anyway) or I am hungry (I have a very active appetite)
- I have a packed schedule or have been pretty busy and haven't had a moment of peace yet.

### How to Help
- Give me time to catch my breath and catch up or digest what has happened/was said
- Suggest we do something active that can help with my energy like going for a walk.
- Encourage a snack
- Come back to the topic later

## Pet Peeves
Disclaimer: Not an exhaustive list and I reserve the right to add to it :P
- Avoidance/passive aggression
- Trying to assume something and not asking indirectly
- Interrupting people while someone is speaking
- Not addressing conflict
- Blatantly wasting food/resources
- Just talk and no actions


## Ask Me About
  - Ballroom dancing
  - Piano/alto saxophone
  - My dog Ceasar
  - Public speaking
  - Community service
  - My web comic
  - Travel/hiking

Commit message:

Add career goals and fixed typos

index.md, after:

---
layout: profile
# Set both of these to your name
title: Cecili Reid
full_name: Cecili Reid
# Set this to the Github URL for links to work correctly
github_url: https://github.com/creid31/workwithme.guide-myguide.git
# To add a custom profile picture, add your profile picture to this directory, update, and uncomment the relative link below.
picture: ./profile.jpg
# To add your name to the front page list, uncomment below
categories: [profile]
---

## Values and Personality
  - **I am honest**: Without this there cannot be trust and vulnerability and that's what I need/want to build connections with people
  - **I appreciate clear/direct communication**: Life is too short for me to figure out what people are trying to say indirectly. Usually leads to miscommunication because I did not pick up on passive cues
  - **I strive for financial stability**: This means I am pretty frugal (usually bringing my lunch) and very ambitious (have a side hustle or two) in my desire to be financially secure
  - **I am a child @ heart**: Though I am a full grown adult (I have proof!), I look for opportunities to have fun when I can
  - **I try to be genuine as much as possible**: I say what I mean and mean what I say and I try to bring my full self to work and encourage others to do the same.
  - **I am nice and kind!**: I can be pretty direct which sometimes translate for others as mean but always assume good intent. I am not the kind of person who wants to make a person feel bad. If I do, tell me!
  - **My golden rule is to treat others the way you want to be treated**

## Work Patterns
- I tend to be in the office **10am to 4pm EST**
- I am usually online/responsive before 10am and after 4pm or over the weekends
- I sometimes work strange hours when the mood/energy hits so don't be surprised if you see weekend/midnight commits (on my local branch NEVER pushing to prod over weekends)
- I prefer to **learn and develop on my own** but will reach out once I have a clearer idea of something I want to ask
- **My energy fluctuates** depending on activities/interactions and on days/weeks I see heavy people interaction I try to adjust my schedule accordingly to limit the amount of meetings I have in a day.
- I am a proud **ambivert** with introvert leanings though so will need alone time to recharge

## Communication Preferences
- If I have on headphones, slack me and/or ask if I am available/up for interruptions
- Slack is my preference and I tend to not respond to messages immediately (notifications are most likely off because they are distracting) so feel free to ping again if not responded to in an hour. If Slack is snoozed, please only send notifications if urgent.
- I try to respond to email within 24 hours. If there is an action associated with the email though, I might not respond until I completed the action so helpful to give me a deadline with an email so I know how to prioritize it.


## Receiving Feedback & Recognition
Provide recognition however you see fit in private or in public or via Slack. I am pretty indifferent by it. Please provide criticism in a private setting and with concrete examples and be as to the point as possible. Would also greatly appreciate having time to digest and work through it. I will ask questions for more details/examples so I understand the feedback.

## How To Know I’ve Gone To The Dark Side
### Warning Signs
- I appear to have low energy
- I mention that I did not get enough sleep (I don't ingest caffeine in anyway) or I am hungry (I have a very active appetite)
- I have a packed schedule or have been pretty busy and haven't had a moment of peace yet.

### How to Help
- Give me time to catch my breath and catch up or digest what has happened/was said
- Suggest we do something active that can help with my energy like going for a walk.
- Encourage a snack
- Come back to the topic later

## Pet Peeves
_I don't expect this list to change your actions—but it might help you better understand and empathize with my
reactions. Not an exhaustive list and I reserve the right to add to it :P_
- Avoidance/passive aggression
- Trying to assume something and not asking directly
- Interrupting people while someone is speaking
- Not addressing conflict
- Blatantly wasting food/resources
- Just talk and no action

## Areas of Development
- PHP
- Tensorflow/Machine Learning
- Android Development
- React
- GCP
- Public speaking
- Mentoring

## Career Goals & Future Interests
Every decision I make within my career and otherwise is as a result of my quest for financial security. I would like to retire early and enjoy life volunteering, traveling, and working when and how I want to and not because I have to. Until retirement, I have flirted with the idea of running a company or becoming a CTO. I am still on the road of discovery of what path will support my goal of financial security but also is fulfilling and makes me happy.

## Ask Me About
  - Ballroom dancing
  - Piano/alto saxophone
  - My dog Ceasar
  - Public speaking
  - Community service
  - My web comic
  - Travel/hiking
